hey youtubers I've been looking at
YouTube to find any tutorials on a
helicopter firework so I just have not
found any and so one day I just came up
with an idea to try and make my own and
what you basically do is you take a
paper tube and about like the space you
see and you just like regular paper like
this and you roll it up and you want you
end it with some superglue and then you
basically get your wings which I got
from these commercial fireworks from
Chinatown see same thing and what you do
is you make a hole at the side out of
the end like this and what you do then
is you put your button like layer
okay later which is what I use like this
part right here and basically just Ram
it Ram Medan and you put your fuse in
this little hole then you Ram up all the
way up to like here with your black
powder or whatever kind of prepare your
using and then at the end you just seal
it up with some clay or whatever and you
got one today I obviously can't make one
because it's raining real bad outside
and I do it in the shed
so yeah I'll post another video on the
end result because right now I can't I
don't even have one to show you like the
end product but whatever I'll post one
of those nope okay yes